hello our offense its Tim here and today
I'm going to sum up all the arrow
universe news on one video so if you do
not know yet the flash will be appearing
in season 2 of arrow and three episodes
episode eight nine and twenty now what
does this mean for the universe of arrow
now you also know that arrow will
becoming more of a hero in this new
season he'll be more of a cure to the
city you won't be the vigilante and use
name might actually call green arrow so
the whole tone of the whole season will
be a lot different will be green arrow
he'll be a hero and will also be seeing
Black Canary now first arrow was not
going it was going to be neuro me no
powers in this universe but now that
we've bushing the flash why won't Black
Canary have her power well you know the
supersonic voice of hers so the whole
powers thing in this our universe is
really going to change things up not
only will be getting seeing flash we
might also be seeing other guest
characters such as green lantern and so
we'll be seeing the flash Green Lantern
Black Canary possibly with her powers
this is really changing everything up
now other than the flash appearing in
these three episodes supposedly episode
20 is supposed to be setting up flashes
pilot so flashes supposedly have his own
TV show on the CN w called the flash now
in that TV show supposed to have his
original costume staying with all the
episodes now honestly I think that's a
pretty great idea having the flash and
all this news is actually pushing back
amazon which is this supposedly supposed
to be a one room TV show so that got
pushed back but supposedly being able to
see a um
flat flash TV show which it's amazing
guys a man will see the flash supposedly
Green Lantern and green arrow on the B
universe now the next big news is
supposedly the our universe could be
connected with the Cinematic Universe
with which is the man of steel now
honestly I don't think that's a great
idea because that's basically like
bringing a movie type those actors down
to a TV show level which isn't that good
of idea but if we do do this that means
the whole universe would be a lot bigger
like that means we'll be seeing in
actual movie we could be seeing already
be seeing the flash Green Lantern and
green arrow I mean that could that would
widen the DC Cinematic Universe but it
would all show lower the aspect of all
the movies it would just be a lot a lot
less like you know it's just the because
like TV shows two movies the actors get
paid more TV that movies and everything
just changes so I'm gonna hear your
thoughts on this news are you excited to
see the flash are you excited to see
possible flash TV show are you excited
to see the powers or you can see green
arrow actually become a hero what are
you excited what's your most exciting
news personally I'm most excited to see
the flash in episode 8 and 9 and how
they're going to incorporate it all like
the powers into everything so that's
pretty much all the news guys i hope you
enjoy this video please click the like
button down below and also comment peace
out
go thank you for watching this video
everyone if you can enjoyed it that like
button down below and if not tell me why
also comment down below in your thoughts
this video also share this video with
your friends and families so my channel
can grow last but not least follow me on
Twitter ask me anything you want and I
will respond don't forget to subscribe
to my channel for anything comics and
gaming / enjoys video and have a nice
day